Workshop overhaul: Final section (#287)
KILTprotocol/docs: docs/develop/03_workshop/06_attestation.md

import AttestCredential from '!!raw-loader!@site/code_examples/sdk_examples/src/workshop/attester/attestCredential.ts';

This section covers how the <span className="label-role attester">Attester</span> receives and processes a `Credential` and how you can:

- Attest or deny it
- Store the attestation information on the chain

## Attest a Credential

<TsJsBlock fileName="attester/attestCredential">
  {AttestCredential}
</TsJsBlock>

The `attestCredential` function loads the account and DID of the <span className="label-role attester">Attester</span> and issues an attestation for the credential received from the <span className="label-role claimer">Claimer</span>.

> The credential is valid from the time an Attester attests it on chain until the time it is revoked.

Reviewer: With the VC changes in the future, this would need to change. Since you can add expiry dates to the credential. I think this should happen fairly soon. I would maybe put a ticket out there to ensure we change this to match.

> In the `attestingFlow` function, the <span className="label-role claimer">Claimer</span> generates the demo credential and sends it to the <span className="label-role attester">Attester</span>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `attesting Flow` function, the <span className="label-role claimer">Claimer</span> generates the demo credential and sends it to the <span className="label-role attester">Attester</span>.
```

Reviewer: Not sure if this was on purpose. If it was we can remove the suggestion.

Author: @Dudleyneedham Nope, this change was intentional, it's describing a function in the code
